well howdy there internet people it's bo
again
so we got to talk about the next
election cycle because we can already
see what it's going to be like
if you go to any conservative news site
right now you're going to find out
all about the uh just
misleading out and out fraud that's
taken place because they all running
that story about aoc
she got caught going up to an empty
parking lot at a fence and pretending
like it's a
it's a detention center and crying out
her eyeballs
and i mean they're all running that
story it's all over the place she is
busted it's even on rt
how embarrassing getting caught on
international
news i mean that that's upsetting
and the reason i'm saying that you need
to go look at it and that's what the
next election cycle is going to be like
is because that is not accurate that's
the story
on a whole bunch of sites but the
reality is the newly uncovered photos
came off of the photographer's twitter
and they're a year old from before she
was even a representative
she was at a very large protest at a
detention center and yes no there are no
children
visible at the fence line
because even back then they didn't let
them that close to the edge of the
concentration camp
they're further in the photographer if
you want to
check out what he has to say about it
it's
on twitter you go to at i
underscore p underscore a underscore
one and he
basically explains what was going on it
was a very large protest
the one-year anniversary just happened
so he put some other photos that he
hadn't released yet
up on twitter these were some of them
they did not uncover these photos unless
you find pulling them
you consider pulling them off of twitter
uncovering them
it's also important to note that all of
these
reputable outlets these outlets that
want you to believe them
and want you to take them seriously
didn't fact
check info wars alex jones
that's where this story came from
infowars
and all of these outlets that ran this
story they didn't fact check it
this is the guy that's constantly in
court
um i guess aoc does the dmt
if you haven't seen that video it's on
youtube totally worth looking into alex
jones dmt
look it up um
but this should prepare you for the next
election because this is what you're
gonna have you're gonna have a bunch of
new sites
running articles that they probably know
are false
because they fit the agenda this is how
opinions are manufactured
um so they're not going to fact check
anything
so you're going to have to do it anyway
it's just a thought
y'all have a good night